#MPDP - My personal development plan 

SOA - Web APi + AngularJs

Abstract

Progress as a process is generated by a series of commitments estimated in time. Essentially the satisfaction of finishing an engagement is the start point of our confidence. Analyzing this process sometimes we are confused to define and set a goal and even then the estimation provided is pretty close which leads to have a possible frustration at the end.

My Personal Development Plan is a dashboard application that provides a series tools to define and analyze your goals, objectives, notes and events in order to support your progress and time management. Each goal should contain a list of objectives by giving a criteria guide in a process of defining those objectives. The criteria are highlighted by the application to following the SMART objectives: Specific, Measurable, Achievable, Relevant, Time bound. In addition the users could set short notes that are displayed by the priority of each other. Another nice section of the application is an interactive calendar component where we can set events on a date or between two dates. The calendar is available with a three different views for: day, month and year.         
	
As a web application, My Personal Development Plan was designed following the service oriented architecture and is split by two components:

-	An independent web service that is responsible for the entire application business implemented in ASP.NET Web Api
-	A web client application with a fluid interface developed using AngularJS and Material Design

Documentaion of the project:

In the first part of this project I presented the theoretical aspects such us WWW, HTTP, HTTPS, URI for general point of view regarding to the Web Services. Considering that the basically aspects was understood, the second part have a much particular aspects by presenting the service oriented architecture and the subject that is involved by this like web services classification, REST architecture, RPC. The last part of the project is dedicated to the details of the implementations, technology used followed by the conclusions.     

This work is the result of my own activity. I have neither given nor received unauthorized assistance on this work.        
  

  


